2014.3:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Re-Packaged to improve internal automation, no functional changes

2014.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Constrained the range for the variable "size_plus_lsb" between 1 to 256 in narrow.vhd file to improve the timing
 * Re-Packaged to improve internal automation, no functional changes

2014.1:
 * Version 4.0
 * The ID Ports s_axi_arid,s_axi_awid,s_axi_bid,s_axi_rid shall be generated only when the ID width is greater than or equal to '1'. when upgrading the previously released core, the ID ports mentioned above will not be generated unless the ID width is greater than or equal to '1'
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Added support for Hamming Code
 * Added support for Ultrascale devices

2013.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated the port names to lower case
 * Added example design
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Improved GUI speed and responsivness, no functional changes
 * Added Support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Changed BRAM Interface DIN and DOUT to match bus interface directions.

2013.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated Address width to 32 for ECC configurations
 * Updated to support ECC in IPI Mode
 * Added support for Future Devices

2013.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
