2014.3:
 * Version 5.5
 * The custom time stamp unit(PTP) signals will be exposed to the Programmable Logic(PL), even when the Ethernet is routed through the MIO. For more details, please refer Zynq Technical Reference Manual (UG 585) CH No. 16.4 IEEE 1588 Time Stamping. This change enables additional optional functionality for designs with Ethernet on MIO. No changes are required for existing designs
 * Updated Trace data port width dependency to be based on Trace parameters Port width will display based on user selection
 * Updated the JTAG interface from master to slave mode. Based on Zynq Technical Reference Manual, PS boot mode supports 4 master boot mode and 2 Slave JTAG Boot mode. Prior versions of Zynq PS7 IP had PL JTAG in master mode incorrectly. The JTAG port TDO will have a buffer (OBUFT) instantiated as part of the Processing System7 IP. This change only affects designs which use PL JTAG through EMIO interface. For More details, refer chapter no.6 of Zynq Technical Reference Manual (UG 585) - Boot and Configuration
 * Added range validation for SMC cycle parameters
 * Prior versions of PS7 IP had writes to certain reserved bits of DDR IOB Buffer Control (DDRIOB_DDR_CTRL). These have been fixed to 0x0.

2014.2:
 * Version 5.4 (Rev. 1)
 * Add the polarity feature for reset (USB, I2C and Ethernet) pins
 * Add the IP type is processor
 * Fixed LPDDR2 hang Issue

2014.1:
 * Version 5.4
 * IRQ_F2P connections to be made directly in the silicon

2013.4:
 * Version 5.3 (Rev. 1)
 * DDRIOB_SLEW registers added in ps7_init
 * Removed toggling of FPGA_RST_CTRL register from post_config
 * Trace enabled for different port size such as  2,4,8,16 and 32 bits

2013.3:
 * Version 5.3
 * Added Microzed board preset In ps7 ip
 * xz0303 SBG package added
 * TCL based preset support  for Zynq
 * Zynq BFM subcore added for simulation support

2013.2:
 * Version 5.2
 * Zynq Power Estimation Support added
 * Extended addresing support for SMC memories, QSPI memory, PS registers and SLCR registers
 * Peripheral I/O pin page made more user interactive

2013.1:
 * Version 5.01
 * Added support for ps7 preset configurations
 * Multiple silicon version support
 * Ps7 gui enhanced to vivado standard

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
